Editorial review: Document interest invokers (#42021)
mdn/content: files/en-us/web/api/interestevent/index.md

---
title: InterestEvent
slug: Web/API/InterestEvent
page-type: web-api-interface
browser-compat: api.InterestEvent
---

{{APIRef("Popover API")}}

The **`InterestEvent`** interface represents an event that fires when interest is shown or lost on an [interest invoker](/en-US/docs/Web/API/Popover_API/Using_interest_invokers).

> This is the event object for the {{domxref("HTMLElement.interest_event", "interest")}} and {{domxref("HTMLElement.loseinterest_event", "loseinterest")}} events, which fire on interest invoker target elements when interest is shown or lost, respectively.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
This is the event object for the {{domxref("HTMLElement.interest_event", "interest")}} and {{domxref("HTMLElement.loseinterest_event", "loseinterest")}} events, which fire on the target element when interest is shown or lost, respectively.
```
